README.md, before:

# Darkland

Image of mockup

This is an interactive 2d scroller game. My aim is to provide something fun and with increasing difficulty as you advance through
the levels. Using nothing but Vanilla JavaScript, HTML and CSS to build this game.

The story of the game is there has been a huge attack on earth and you are a character trying to navigate the perils of a new world.

##Features

   1. User stories
       - First time visitor goals
       - Returning visitor goals
       - Frequent user goals
    2. Design
       - Colour scheme
       - Typography
       - Wireframes
    3. Existing features
       - Home page
       - Gallery
       - Contact us
       - Features to add
    4. Testing
       - HTML
       - CSS
       - Wave
       - Lighthouse
    5. Unfixed bugs
    6. Fixed bugs
    7. Deployment
    8. Credits
       - Content
       - Media

## User stories

## First time visitor goals:

   - As a first time visitor, 
   - As a first time visitor, 
   - As a first time visitor, 

## Returning visitor goals:

   - As a returning visitor,
   - As a returning visitor, 
   - As a returning visitor,

## Frequent user goals
   - As a frequent user,
   - As a frequent user,
   - As a frequent user,

## Design

## Colour scheme

## Typography


## Wireframes
   - Home page wire frames -
   - Gallery wire frames -
   - Contact us page - 

## Existing features:


## Home page


## Contact Us



## Technologies used

### Languages used

   - HTML
   - CSS

### Frameworks, Libraries and Programs used
   - Google Fonts - Used to import the Shalimar and Overpass fonts.
   - Font awesome - Used for the footer icons and copyright icon.
   - Git - Used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
   - Github - Used to store code after being pushed from Git.
   - Balsamiq - Used to create wireframes for this website.

## Testing

### Validator testing

### HTML

### CSS

### Wave accessibility

## Lighthouse

## Testing user stories

### First time visitor goals:

    As a first time visitor, 

    As a first time visitor,

    As a first time visitor,

### Returning visitor goals:

    As a returning visitor,

    As a returning visitor,

    As a returning visitor,

### Frequent user goals

    As a frequent user,

    As a frequent user,
    As a frequent user,

## Unfixed bugs

## Fixed bugs

## Deployment

The method I used to deploy this site is as follows:

- Go to my Github and click on this repository
- Click on settings 
- On the left hand menu select pages
- Select main branch 
- Select save

The live website can be found at :

## Credits

### Code

### Content

    I used Google fonts
    I used Fontawesome for the footer logos.
    I used Favicon.oi for my favicon.
    I used Balsamiq for the wireframes.
    I used https://ui.dev/amiresponsive for the image under my README logo.
    I got a lot of insperation and code from https://www.youtube.com/c/Frankslaboratory

## Media
   - Sprite image is from https://bevouliin.com/gogle-boy-game-character
   - Background images from https://craftpix.net/freebies/free-halloween-2d-game-backgrounds/
   - Monster sprites are from https://bevouliin.com/fat-green-monster-sprites/

## Thanks

    A special thank you to my mentor for his helpful input and information throughout.

Commit message:

Update readme with a bug on fontawesome

README.md, after:

# Darkland

Image of mockup

This is an interactive 2d scroller game. My aim is to provide something fun and with increasing difficulty as you advance through
the levels. Using nothing but Vanilla JavaScript, HTML and CSS to build this game.

The story of the game is there has been a huge attack on earth and you are a character trying to navigate the perils of a new world.

##Features

   1. User stories
       - First time visitor goals
       - Returning visitor goals
       - Frequent user goals
    2. Design
       - Colour scheme
       - Typography
       - Wireframes
    3. Existing features
       - Home page
       - Gallery
       - Contact us
       - Features to add
    4. Testing
       - HTML
       - CSS
       - Wave
       - Lighthouse
    5. Unfixed bugs
    6. Fixed bugs
    7. Deployment
    8. Credits
       - Content
       - Media

## User stories

## First time visitor goals:

   - As a first time visitor, 
   - As a first time visitor, 
   - As a first time visitor, 

## Returning visitor goals:

   - As a returning visitor,
   - As a returning visitor, 
   - As a returning visitor,

## Frequent user goals
   - As a frequent user,
   - As a frequent user,
   - As a frequent user,

## Design

## Colour scheme

## Typography


## Wireframes
   - Home page wire frames -
   - Gallery wire frames -
   - Contact us page - 

## Existing features:


## Home page


## Contact Us



## Technologies used

### Languages used

   - HTML
   - CSS
   - JavaScript

### Frameworks, Libraries and Programs used
   - Google Fonts - Used to import the Shalimar and Overpass fonts.
   - Font awesome - Used for the footer icons and copyright icon.
   - Git - Used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
   - Github - Used to store code after being pushed from Git.
   - Balsamiq - Used to create wireframes for this website.

## Testing

### Validator testing

### HTML

### CSS

### Wave accessibility

## Lighthouse

## Testing user stories

### First time visitor goals:

    As a first time visitor, 

    As a first time visitor,

    As a first time visitor,

### Returning visitor goals:

    As a returning visitor,

    As a returning visitor,

    As a returning visitor,

### Frequent user goals

    As a frequent user,

    As a frequent user,
    As a frequent user,

## Unfixed bugs

|Bug|fix|result|
|---|---|------|
|fontawesome is not working| 

## Fixed bugs

## Deployment

The method I used to deploy this site is as follows:

- Go to my Github and click on this repository
- Click on settings 
- On the left hand menu select pages
- Select main branch 
- Select save

The live website can be found at :

## Credits

### Code

### Content

    I used Google fonts
    I used Fontawesome for the footer logos.
    I used Favicon.oi for my favicon.
    I used Balsamiq for the wireframes.
    I used https://ui.dev/amiresponsive for the image under my README logo.
    I got a lot of insperation and code from https://www.youtube.com/c/Frankslaboratory

## Media
   - Sprite image is from https://bevouliin.com/gogle-boy-game-character
   - Background images from https://craftpix.net/freebies/free-halloween-2d-game-backgrounds/
   - Monster sprites are from https://bevouliin.com/fat-green-monster-sprites/

## Thanks

    A special thank you to my mentor for his helpful input and information throughout.
